Open the Command Center.
p02
This is your first look when a site calls in a dead register.
p03
The dashboard pulls the whole network into one view,
p04
and the panel you want is lower down, under the map.
p05
Find Priority Intelligence.
p06
It ranks what needs you right now, worst first.
p07
Eleven items today, four of them urgent,
p08
and the Critical group is already sitting at the top.
p09
There it is.
p10
Henrico West Broad, POS system offline, card terminals down at peak.
p11
The row names the site, the symptom, and tells you a tech is already en route.
p12
Check one is done before you lifted a finger.
p13
Now look right,
p14
not through.
p15
The row has an Open arrow into the item.
p16
We leave it alone on the shared demo, and this pass did not capture where it lands.
p17
What earns your attention is Action Ownership beside it:
p18
Regional Ops already holds this one, due inside thirty minutes.
p19
Know who owns it before you move.
p20
Head to I-T and Support, and open M-L Command Center.
p21
This is the Micrologic N-O-C, the room support watches across every customer.
p22
Two criticals live right now, and the incidents tab is where they land.
p23
Read the top incident.
p24
POS system offline, zero transactions for forty-seven minutes.
p25
That zero is the tell.
p26
A slow lane still writes tickets;
p27
a stopped one does not, and this one stopped almost an hour ago.
p28
Two things on that card do your triage.
p29
The tag tells you what broke:
p30
this one reads Tunnel Down,
p31
others say Hardware, Payments, Equipment.
p32
The assignee tells you who has it,
p33
or that it is unassigned and yours to claim.
p34
Create Ticket and View Full Profile are right there, but on the demo you only read them.
p35
Next check is System Alerts, under I-T and Support.
p36
Open it from the sidebar link and the live feed loads, three active alerts, one critical.
p37
Every row names its type, tunnel, P-O-S, chemical, network,
p38
and today's P-O-S row is a warning,
p39
low receipt paper on P-O-S two, still active.
p40
Filter to the site and read what is still open there.
p41
Into Settings, Hardware, Terminals.
p42
This is the register you would check for that offline complaint.
p43
There is a plus New Record button up top; leave it alone.
p44
We are here to read, not to register anything.
p45
Run your eye across the columns.
p46
Terminal,
p47
location,
p48
I-P,
p49
software version,
p50
O-S,
p51
and Last Seen.
p52
Over a thousand terminals load here, and notice what is missing:
p53
no active or status column.
p54
So Last Seen is your answer, the moment each register last checked in.
p55
Search the site, find the terminal, and read how long it has been quiet.
p56
Last surface: Sales, then Tickets.
p57
This is the live pulse of the lane.
p58
The list carries Location, Ticket number,
p59
Date and Time, Total,
p60
Status, Tender Type, and Customer, with a running total up top.
p61
Filter to the site, then read the newest time stamp.
p62
If the last ticket is minutes old, the lane is still writing.
p63
If it has been quiet for a stretch, that matches the N-O-C's zero transactions,
p64
and now you have a hard outage in writing.
p65
Skip Export.
p66
Now escalate,
p67
cleanly.
p68
Open Support Tickets and raise one with four things:
p69
the location code, the terminal I-D,
p70
the last-ticket time, and any alert I-Ds.
p71
The queue sorts by Ticket, Category, Location, Owner, Age, and Priority.
p72
Migration switches are the exception;
p73
those go to Jira, not here.
p74
That is the whole loop.
p75
Priority Intelligence to confirm the flag and its owner.
p76
The N-O-C for what broke and who has it.
p77
System Alerts and Terminals for the hardware picture.
p78
And the ticket feed to show whether the lane is still writing.
p79
Run them in that order every time,
p80
and your escalation carries the four facts a field tech needs to move without calling you back.